# James Magallanes' Living Wallpapers Project

Originally I wanted to create a wallpaper of the starry night sky, which a very early design can be seen in the "Initial Concept" commit. This would have each 'star' move along the screen periodically. As I was testing this functionality out I changed the design to have them move in a sinusoidal pattern across the screen - as seen in the "Second Concept" commit. I then adapted this to include ellipses in a grid with alternating colours and a darker colour scheme. 
This concept uses the count of the frames to gradually alternate the colour of the ellipses. This creates a blending effect between the two colours as they alternately change colours, at one point having all the spheres as the same colour as they transition to the other colour. 

I have evenly divided the screen with a faint grid of dark green lines splitting the screen up into a number of cells across and down, specified at the beginning of the code. I have added a grey grid of squares over the whole screen, with each cell containing 16 arranged in a 4x4 grid. This grey grid is a very similar shade to the background, enough to blend in with the background but different enough to see if one looks close enough. As my order of drawing is the cell lines first, coloured ellipses second, then finally the grey grid, as the ellipses move across the screen a pattern is created. This pattern is created by the grey grid effectively "cutting out" the parts of the ellipses that intersect. This creates my intended "rolling" feature which makes the ellipses appear to be rotating/rolling across the screen. This effect is slightly more visible in my second concept as the spheres are smaller and white so the intersecting gaps are more prominent. I adapted my design to a darker colour scheme so the effect was more subtle and easier on the eyes while viewing. 

I played around with random variance a bit to see if it could enhance my rolling effect or add another effect on top of the rolling effect. I experimented with random noise, using it to modify the size of the ellipses. This can be seen in the "Noise Experiment" commit. When I incorporated the random noise to vary the ellipse size, it created a cool wave-like effect across the screen. This was a neat effect but it was too prominent and overpowered the rolling effect, making it almost undetectable. I played around to see if I could have both effects at the same time however no matter what I did I could not get the focus to be on the rolling effect, so I ended up scrapping the noise effect.

For my final concept I added one last effect which was the background pulsing from black to slightly grey, enough to barely see the grey grid over the top. This was just a small change I wanted to add to have more going on in the screen, but not too much that it was distracting. This is such a subtle change that it is not too much that the user instantly notices it, but once they look past the rolling sphere effect they can notice there is more going on than they thought. 
One minor change I made for the final concept is layering the green grid lines on top of each other at a very low opacity. I layered the lines 10 times over each other, decrementing their stroke weight (thickness). This created an effect of them becoming a stronger colour as it got closer to the centre of the line. This was another example of a small detail that is not visible initially but as a user looks closer into the screen, or at higher resolutions, they can see the detail. Combining this with the background colour pulse makes the grid line effect slightly more visible too.

### Happy accidents/Bugs
I encountered some happy accidents that created cool designs but were completely unintended. I have included an example of one of them at a very early stage of my concepts under the "Happy Accident" commit. This was an error with the background not being redrawn so as the white spheres moved on the screen they created a trail, leaving a grid of arrows pointing in different directions. This was one of the more important happy accidents for me as it was a cool enough pattern that it made me consider taking another route for this assignment than what I had intended initially.

One of my major bugs I encountered when working through this assignment was one of my spheres in the very top left corner drawing as bright red when I attempted to record my design as a gif. It only happened as soon as I was recording, leading me to believe it was getting the colour from when the red "Recording" text was on the screen. I had to fix this by surrounding the function call of the recording's addBuffer() by the push() and pop() functions to ensure any changes occurring within the addBuffer() function did not affect my program or any variables within it.
